Data Dictionary

Launcher: Launcher is responsible for launching application. Launchers are created by the dispatcher with a specific application information. Launcher needs this information to find and launch the application.

Killer: Killer is responsible for killing application. Killers are created by the dispatcher with a specific application information. Killer needs this information to find and kill the application.

Responder: Responder holds the response information for possible inputs and possible errors. Responder is responsible for picking the appropriate response for an input or an error. It holds a two dimentional String array to hold the response information for possible inputs, and a one dimentional String array to hold the response information for possible errors.

Searcher: Searcher is responsible for searching web and displaying information. Searchers are created by dispatcher with a specific search information and the search type. There are two types of searches: Google Search, Wiki Search.

Google Search: Google Search uses certain API(s) to perform a search on Google, and displays the information on the desired browser.

Wiki Search: Wiki Search uses certain API(s) to perform a search on Wikipedia, and displays the information on an Info Box.

Job Object: Job Object is responsible for performing the job. It holds the job type information.

Dispatcher: Dispatcher is responsible for understanding and distributing jobs. It holds a one dimentional Job Objects array to hold the active jobs and a two dimentional String array to hold the program information. It is also responsible for getting a response from Respoder and displaying it. It gets input from Dialog Box and decides what to do. After deciding it sets output to Dialog Box and performs the job by creating the appropriate job.

Info Box: Info Box is responsible for drawing approppriate windows on screen and displaying the information. It is created by Dispatcher and/or Wiki Search with a specific display information. Info Box displays this information on the window.

Dialog Box: Dialog Box is responsible for getting input from the user and displaying output to user.

