Introduction
In past 20 years, computer/programming technology developed extremely fast. While technology developed that rapidly, for obvious reasons, it started to give users option to personalize these technologies according to their desires. Such personalization become more visible especially in mobile and computer technology. Therefore, right now, a regular user has opportunity to access tons of information with just few clicks. This information can be about something totally new which user don’t know or it might about user him/herself, like his/her schedules, mails, contacts. Because of such circumstances, users started to need some software which can help them in order to retrieve exact information that they were looking for. Therefore, this created a new software type which called “Intelligence Personal Assistant Software”. Right now, big companies like Google, Apple and Microsoft have their own personal assistant software. Google has Google Assistant, Apple has Siri and Microsoft has Cortana, and these companies are putting too much effort and budget to intelligence personal assistant software because it can change user interactions with information completely.
------------------------------------------------------
Overview
Genius is an intelligence personal assistant for computers. This Intelligence personal assistant will run at the background as a Windows Service. User will use input box to command assistant and it will execute these commands whether they are related about getting an information from internet or related with personal computer -like starting an application. 
Like all other intelligence personal assistants in the industry (Cortana, Siri, Google Assistant) our personal assistant’s priority also will be helping user but not being a companion to her/him. Yet, as a secondary goal, we can implement first phases of the natural language processing to give assistant to reply simple user questions (i.e. “How are you?”, “What is your name?”). However, this won’t be advanced and shouldn’t be confused with other Artificial Intelligence Chat Bots.
Although these features can be expanded in near feature, we need to implement basic features which an assistant require to work functionally. In early versions, Genius will only take text-based inputs but in further releases assistant could recognize natural voice without the requirement for keyboard. Assistant will answer questions according to their form whether they are text input or voice input. If question is asked to learn something new but not to execute something, using certain API’s, user can get answer right away. Or user can use assistant to start applications like Word, Paint.. 
